Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to create a clear element and a show entry function.
All right, so first off, we have called the clear element here.
Now let's go ahead and let's create the function.
I know this is not the major focus here in this lesson, I just want to get it over with.
I just want to get it done so it is clear and put such a clear element.
And we are going to have multiple elements and we are going to run a full bridge on these elements.
So we are going to say for each and whenever this for each loop runs with the element loop variable,
we are going to run this function and this function is going to grab our element.
Element, and we are going to grab the enriched HTML and we are going to set it to an empty string,
that's.
So this is the clear element that means we are clearing things out.
All right.
Now, for the major function, it is show entry function.
I mean, what I wanted to do here is this is a confession.
I why wanted to call this function inside this updated function and then go ahead and define the function.
But I thought like that that's not how like that is not a good way of teaching.
So we have done that a lot here.
OK, but you should be able to do that as well to do what we did to call the function and then create
the function.
That's what professionals do.
But for teaching purposes, we should first define the function and then call the function.
So like all of you have, like a clear understanding of why do we need to define that function?
What does that function do?
It's like the update UI function and you're saying, OK, you're driving me mad.
Why do why do we need the update UI when we just like called it inside this budget in.
So what I'm going to do.
Now the reason that I called this update UI was because this is like a really, really large function
and it encapsulates like most of this application.
So that's why I called it.
And then as you can see, that there are several lectures that include like creating this function.
So this is the creation of the UI function spans over many lectures.
So let's create the show entry function.
And now I'm going to pass in five parameters and I'm going to tell you why for each of them.
So the first one is the list.
This list.
Excuse me, this list relates to the show entry.
And this list is basically related to where where do we want to insert this show entry?
So this is not actually related to that show entry.
This is related to our lists.
What are our lists?
We have three different kind of lists.
So we have our income list, expense list and all list.
We have selected all all of them.
And if you and if I remember correctly, we have cleared all three of them here as well.
Now, whenever we clear them, we need to repopulate them again.
So we need our last because we want our show entry.
We want our entry to belong to a specific list.
So it is going to be either income tracker or the expense structure.
So that's why we need to specify to which list it belongs.
Second, we need to grab the type of that list because based on the type, we want to give it like a
different background color, a different color.
We want to based on this type, we want to either apply, we want to add it to the income or added to
the outcome.
And based on that, we are going to decide on the side of this balance.
So that's why the type then the title, you know why the title is the title of the budget, then the
amount which doesn't require any explanation.
And then the idea now this IED, we are going to use a lot.
We are going to use not a lot.
Very, very crucial.
Each item is going to have one IED.
I can show you that here.
I can say not there.
I can say a rent.
I don't know why it didn't save salary.
That would have been much easier.
So if I come in to inspect and let's go, where am I, where I'm into application and if I come here
and now you can see that this has an idea of zero.
And if I add another object that is going to have an idea of one.
So SFD 50 once like five or five click now it has an idea of one.
So each item which we add is going to be added to the to the top of the list.
That's why we need the idee.
Ah, right here, right now, let's clear this.
OK, so I'm going to create a constant and I'm going to call it entry, and now here is the power of
the back ticks.
All right, I'm just going to put the back to you right here, and what I'm going to do is I'm going
to create an ally because our list is actually a useful so the proper child for a well is and a lot
we are going to give it an ID.
Keep in mind, I just showed you the I.D. is a number.
So for the I.D., I'm going to pass an I.D., which is not there inside this.
And you can see that this is activated.
And I hope that you can see this is like visible because this is a screen recording.
This list is like a bit like grayed out, but this is like a bit more like shiny like cholerae, because
this is this has been defined right here, has been called there.
Then we are going to say we are going to give it a class.
Now, the class is really cool because the class is going to grab the tie.
So if it is an expense, it is going to have a type of expense.
If it is income, it is going to have sorry.
If it is expense, it is going to have a class of expense.
If it is an income, it is going to have a class of income.
And now this is our element.
What are the children for the element.
So I'm going to come down here and I'm going to create the ending tag with one slash.
Not not like that.
Very, very humiliating.
Let's grab this back, take put it right here, so the children, we're going to use the nesting of
HTML elements.
That's why I'm just going to, like, hit like a tub inside this element right here when I save it.
Of course, this is going to pretty it on itself.
So inside this Allai, what do I want?
I want to think originally the first thing is going to be one diff.
Nundah diff is going to include is going to include our title and our amount.
I'm going to come here until our income tracker and I'm going to say salary.
Why do I keep doing that salary and I'm going to say 1500?
So we have the title, see the salaries, the title, and then we have Colen and then we have the dollar
sign and then we have the amount.
So we are going to create this illi in this order or to make it even shorter and cooler for you.
You can see that this allai has a different side of it with this information and another div which houses
both of the icons.
So we are going to create it this way.
So let's come here.
Let's say def.
This debate is going to have a class, the class is going to be make sure you spell everything correctly.
If you don't, this is not going to work and there is no Intellisense helping.
You know, Emet here, you just have to do it by heart.
So we have our title, then the colon, then the dollar sign, and then we have our amount.
Now, keep in mind that this dollar sign belongs to stimulus strength.
The other dollar sign, which is yellow, it is the regular dollar sign.
So there are two of them.
One is for templated strength.
We have another d'Hiv here as well.
And that if we are going to give it a class of action, which I'm sure you have, you remember the action
class from our C assess.
And inside here, I'm just going to hit one space and we are going to create an icon.
Now, I have inserted the font awesome icon link.
Now I'm going to create an icon element and give it the class.
So it's like any regular icon, but like specific classes.
If they are so the first icon is going to be a dead F a dash edit.
And now let's let's close this as well.
They are, they are o tags like complete tags.
So for the trash is going to be faez we can pass in a trash.
If a trash so this is OK, we have created a weird, dynamic element, where do we want to insert it?
So we are going to create a position.
Const consed position, position and the position, I think it was a over to do that we did before and
but here we are going to do after Biggin we ha we talked about how there are four positions.
I gave you the resource, you can go ahead and check it there and then we are going to where do we want
inserted.
So we declared the position.
We know where the position is but where is it actually on the web page.
So we are going to grab our list.
Now keep in mind the list has not been in and has not been specified yet because this list is a parameter
for this function.
This list could be the income tracker, the expense structure or the all list.
We are going to specify that in our next structure.
But for now, we are just going to add it to that list, whichever list that is.
So we are going to say insert adjacent HTML.
Some methods don't work and OK, we are going to insert the position and the element, the element is
going to be entry.
So our element has been successfully created.
Now what do we need to do as we need to insert it to as to a specific list?
And what what is that list, we are going to find that out in our next lecture.
See you guys then.